Update README and versions 2.36.0 / 23.07 (#6041)
triton-inference-server/server: README.md

# Triton Inference Server

> **Warning** 

> > You are currently on the r23.07 branch which tracks stabilizationtowards the next release. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You are currently on the r23.07 branch which tracks stabilization towards the next release. 
```
